Happy birthday General Director Tran
Shen Lang
It's your birthday.
I said how mysterious Deputy General Director Chen is today.
Ha ha ha
The birthday of the Shen Lang brothers.
Then we have to drink more.
Let's first toast to the happy birthday of the Shen Lang brothers.
Happy birthday.
The public.
It's my birthday.
Right?
All right.
It's eye-catching.
It's yours tonight.
Come on.
Let's have a drink.
We make pens.
People are expensive, how much is it?
Haha, I'll teach you.
But...
I have a special hobby.
Ah.
General Review
What's your hobby?
Director General, this is
There's only two of us in this room.
I hope this doesn't go to a third party.
About your price
I'll add one more.